hey now Joe you know that since you're
returning all of this stuff after the
audition you're gonna have to wear
underwear all right well you better show
me some of that too okay it's missing
something
oh really
a purse what purse shoulder bag looks
like a woman's purse no Joey look trust
me all the men are carrying them in the
spring catalog look they look men
carrying the bag tink look women
carrying the bag but it is on how a
woman's purse looks so good on me a man
exactly you have sex maybe you need sex
I had sex couple days ago oh no Joey you
and I ex Wow are you gonna say no to
that
after the audition after the audition
okay it's missing something
okay it's missing something really a
purse yeah really a purse that is odd
that is odd
you're gonna have to wear underwear
you're gonna have to wear I know where
all right well you better show me some
of that too all right well you better
show me some of that too
right where you better show me some of
that - all right well you better show me
some of that - trust me
tell me all the men trust me all the man
trust me
hi all the man trusts me tell me all the
men men carrying the bag man
sharing the bag women yeah in the bag
women carrying the bag ain't gonna say
no to that ain't gonna say no to that
are you gonna say no to that ain't gonna
say no to that
exactly you had sex maybe you need sex I
had sex couple days ago
oh no Joey you and I sex okay now Joe
you know that since you're returning all
of this stuff after the audition you're
gonna have to wear underwear all right
well you better show me some of that too
okay it's missing something
oh really
a purse yeah that purse shoulder bag
looks like a woman's purse no Joey look
trust me tell me all the men are
carrying them in the spring catalog look
they look men carrying the bag see look
women carrying the bag what is on how a
woman's purse looks so good on me a man
exactly unisex maybe you need sex I had
sex couple days ago
oh no Joey you and Isaac's Wow
are you gonna say no to that